chore(faq): reorder faq elastic metal (#3316)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/elastic-metal.mdx

  You must [create](/bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/create-server/) and [reinstall](/bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/reinstall-server) a new Elastic Metal server to switch from monthly to hourly billing, and vice versa.
</Message>

> ### What is the loyalty reward and how to use it?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is the loyalty reward and how do I use it?
```

If you need a backup system, you can refer to the documentation for your OS, such as the [information on snapshots](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Lvm).

### Can I change the BIOS settings or update the firmware of an Elastic Metal server?

Users are not allowed to change the BIOS settings of Elastic Metal servers, as modifications may lead to system malfunction and data unavailability.

Firmware updates are managed by Scaleway. If your Elastic Metal server requires a firmware upgrade, it will be installed automatically upon reboot of the server.

### What happens to the data stored on the disks when I delete the server?

After deletion, all data present on the disks of an Elastic Metal server is wiped using a secure algorithm.

Make sure to back up your data before deleting a server, as it cannot be recovered once the disks are wiped.

### How many flexible IPs can I have per Elastic Metal server?

You can have up to 64 [flexible IPs](/bare-metal/elastic-metal/how-to/order-flexible-ip/) per Elastic Metal server.

### Can I move flexible IPs between my Elastic Metal servers and Instances?

> It is not currently possible to move your flexible IPs between different products. Each set of flexible IPs you hold is independent and usable only with the specific product. An Instance's flexible IPs cannot be attached to Elastic Metal servers and vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not currently possible to move your flexible IPs between different products. Each set of flexible IPs you hold is independent and usable only with the specific product. An Instance's flexible IPs cannot be attached to an Elastic Metal server and vice versa.
```
